Add esp_encrypted_img to component manager (#10)
espressif/idf-extra-components: esp_encrypted_img/README.md

> # Encrypted Image Decryptor component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ESP Encrypted Image Abstraction Layer
```

For consistency with component yml file

> This component is used for decryption of encrypted images used during OTA updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component provides an API interface to decrypt data defined in "ESP Encrypted Image" format. This format is as specified below:
```

This component can help in integrating pre encrypted firmware in over-the-air updates. Additionally, this component can also be used for other use-cases which requires addition of encryption layer for custom data.

Please add relevant image format diagram here.

> This component also contains tool to generate encrypted image which can be used during OTA updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component also contains tool to generate encrypted images using RSA3072 public key.
```

> This component is used as part of following ESP-IDF examples:

Reviewer: We can remove this line. We can keep reference to this component from IDF example README as that will be starting point for users.

- [pre_encrypted_ota](https://github.com/espressif/esp-idf/tree/master/examples/system/ota/pre_encrypted_ota)

> To learn more about how to use this component, please check API Documentation from header file.

Reviewer: Please add path to header file here.

# ESP Encrypted Image Abstraction Layer

This component provides an API interface to decrypt data defined in "ESP Encrypted Image" format. This format is as specified at [Image Format](#image-format)

This component can help in integrating pre encrypted firmware in over-the-air updates. Additionally, this component can also be used for other use-cases which requires addition of encryption layer for custom data.

## Image Format

> ![Image Format](img_format.png)

Reviewer: File name looks incorrect here, can you please check?

    typedef struct {
        char magic[4];
        char enc_gcm[384];
        char iv[16];
        char bin_size[4];
        char auth[16];
        char extra_header[88];
    } pre_enc_bin_header;

The above struct represents encrypted image header.

Note:
* RSA-3072 key is provided to the tool externally. You can generate RSA key pair using following command:

    `openssl genrsa -out rsa_key/private.pem 3072`

> * AES-GCM key is generated by the tool itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AES-GCM key and IV are generated by the tool itself.
```
